README.md, before:

# DwarfDownUnder
## Info
This project serves as an assignment for the *Advanced C#* class at [University West](https://www.hv.se/) during the fall semester of 2025.

## Disclaimer

None yet

## Sources

### Images
- Tileset as an asset pack from [lyime](https://lyime.itch.io/)
- Background in title done by myself with [LibreSprite](https://libresprite.github.io/#!/)
- UI font png done with Hiero (see below)

### Audio
- Sound Effects as a free bundle from [Kronbits](https://kronbits.itch.io/retrosfx)
- Background song theme from [Luis Zuno](https://soundcloud.com/ansimuz/tracks), currently *Exploration*

### Fonts
- ~~Sprite font from [Joël Carrouché](https://www.1001fonts.com/users/joelcarrouche/), currently *Norse Regular*~~
- Sprite font *04b_30.ttf* from [dafont.com](https://www.dafont.com/04b-30.font) 
    - (Norse Regular causes crashes so far, don't know why ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯)
    - Any other font crashes, Exception throws "*fontname*_0.xnb could not be found". Searching for error hasn't helped yet.
- Fonts in UI converted from *.ttf* to *.fnt* and *.png* with [Hiero](https://docs.flatredball.com/gum/gum-tool/gum-elements/text/use-custom-font#creating-fonts-with-hiero)

### UI
- This project uses the *Gum* layout engine and framework, namely version `2025.8.3.3`

## Licence info

This repository follows the  [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA) 4.0-License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Fixed scale issue of background, had to draw everything 32x32 in libresprite Fixed naming of entity bouncing around from bat to spider Added temporary grid to world for better visuals when testing Updated ReadMe

README.md, after:

# DwarfDownUnder
## Info
This project serves as an assignment for the *Advanced C#* class at [University West](https://www.hv.se/) during the fall semester of 2025.

## Declarations & Sources

### General
- This game was developed with the [MonoGame framework](https://monogame.net/)
- The majority of the MonoGameLibrary is from one of the [tutorials](https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/index.html)
- To handle Tiled maps (see below) and for other helpful additions [MonoGame Extended](https://docs.monogame.net/articles/tutorials/index.html) was also included

### Images
- Tileset as an asset pack from [lyime](https://lyime.itch.io/)
    - Resized background stuff to 32x32 px (originally 16x16)
    - World building done in [Tiled editor](https://www.mapeditor.org/)
- Background in title done by myself with [LibreSprite](https://libresprite.github.io/#!/)
- UI font png done with Hiero (see below)

### Audio
- Sound Effects as a free bundle from [Kronbits](https://kronbits.itch.io/retrosfx)
- Background song theme from [Luis Zuno](https://soundcloud.com/ansimuz/tracks), currently *Exploration*

### Fonts
- ~~Sprite font from [Joël Carrouché](https://www.1001fonts.com/users/joelcarrouche/), currently *Norse Regular*~~
- Sprite font *04b_30.ttf* from [dafont.com](https://www.dafont.com/04b-30.font) 
    - (Norse Regular causes crashes so far, don't know why ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯)
    - Any other font crashes, Exception throws "*fontname*_0.xnb could not be found". Searching for error hasn't helped yet.
- Fonts in UI converted from *.ttf* to *.fnt* and *.png* with [Hiero](https://docs.flatredball.com/gum/gum-tool/gum-elements/text/use-custom-font#creating-fonts-with-hiero)

### UI
- This project uses the *Gum* layout engine and framework, namely version `2025.8.3.3`

## Licence info

This repository follows the  [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA) 4.0-License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
